yuval noah harari's book sapiens a brief history of time
1)have u ever wondered: just to inculcate a single line in this book evidently , how much knowledge , how much advancement, how much research had to be done. i mean just to write "all members of a family are part of that family bcoz they had a common matriarch or patriarch". how can we say such a huge line with so much confidence. biology , archaelogists study the past and now whenever  we read a history book, we r looking back at the past, how have we traced back the past.huh!
2)for e.g.homo neanderthals and homo erectus belong to different species.how we have defined different species as is "they r not interested to mate with each other". now the point is both of these species look quite the same, but still. so what determines our attraction towards some other being of our species.
3)keypoint: humans is used as a general term for existing species of genus homo.sapiens is referred to us wise man.
4)its a good evolutionary trait to find threat patterns like thinking there is a face of a lion over there in the bushes. and i am sure these ghostly things are also constructed by the brains of other animals.also, lets look at an interaction between the two animals of the same species, one of them can assess the other to be fool and infirm and weak and therefore become aggressive and assert domination. slowly they can recognise to have a spirit of a lion in them whenever they come across that animal. how is this idea different from our own. how has language facilitated in this.



marcus aurelius book meditations:-
1) meditations : things to oneself. giving ur attention to only one thing.
2) STOICISM : founded by zeno followed by Seneca , Epictetus , and then marcus aurelius. is the philosophy which asks u to recognize things under ur control and things out of ur control. ur reactions , emotions, living by virtues , doing the right thing. the latter has reputation, fame , illness, natural disasters , calamaties, and weather.
3) Epictetus quote : Happiness and Freedom begin when u understand what things are under ur control and what are not. 
4) stoics are content but not passive. they don't fight reality , but are not completely complacent. they are not emotionless, they try to understand their emotions and reactions , like why am i reacting like this. understanding the reason , and if it lies outside of the control, u just accept it. they dont become attached to the outcome.
5) if u just follow the nature , without expecting anything in return , living a life of civil service, that would give u happiness, the person at the receiving end happiness and the person listening about it as well. living a out of selfish life, work at what is before you. "Try becoming a person of value than a person of success"  a person is miserable if he has the leisure to think about success and happiness, don't waste time chasing such things, they are just a byproduct of something far more superior , ur interest! make urself busy with the thing of ur interest.
6) stoics regard " speculation ek tareeka hai jissey hum apne end pe pahuch skte hai jo ki hai "conformity/ compliance/obedience to the nature" .... work at what is before u. this is the stoic idea of virtue. 

maps of meaning by j.p. Peterson :- 
1)"Anyone who was out to change the world by changing others , needs to be regarded with suspicion, most of such ventures are just in the pursuit of personal power, revenge and authority consciously or subconsciously.The temptations of such a position (of a great world leader, influencer) were too great to be resisted. ".

can passion overcome hardship?
