Ideas

1)maybe if we can get a workforce in the form of A.I. once it is developed, then we can shift to like living lives like this ,living in community chunks, colonies, produce , create something in these colonies, some will develop , most will learn, and perhaps we'd be able to come up with something profound, just like the clubs working here at iitk, they are doing the same jobs that are done at companies, but on a small scale producing output no one purchases or uses, this output is created not for someone to use , not for someone to appreciate, art is not created for viewers, projects not done to solve problems , coz most of the projects are just somewhat replicas of what already has been created and is in use out there in the world, or most of the projects are not finished product to be able to be used out there in the world, it is for learning of these people, so they can learn to create things, and one day create one of their own.

2)the reason why asymmetric relationships , will not work is:
asymmetric means wherein u are putting loads of efforts to make her happy, and she gets happy as well , in the case where she doesn't , that would never work , so we discard that, now it's either she could be highly responsive, getting as much excited as u are when u do something or getting more excited than u, that's a really good response, other response could be , she feels very nice, she is not very much expressive, but she feels special when u do something for her, and she wants u to continue doing that. and a fourth case could be she is giving back actively. she is putting efforts , that isn't asymmetric, and that has a good chance of working well. in the second and third case, the problem is , agreed that u are getting good response, and that incentivizes u to do more, and perhaps works as a reward, but the problem is, u would actively push and put efforts when u feel good , happy, and energetic ,and lively, that's when u would put efforts and it will work well, but what about the time u feel dead , sad, and just like the above thing sadness also follows a loop,if not taken out of it. and perhaps happiness is what everyone wants at the end, and so even if her response makes u delighted , even if u have an active belief that she's the one, even if u feel happy just by being by her side, or just at the sight of her or just by her existing in the world at the same time as you, there will come a point when u feel dreadful , possibly due to other external reasons, but u would want her to help u out, and if she doesn't do that or is not able to actually do that. perhaps it will not work. symmetricity to some extent is imp. and symmetricity in its effect , not just her putting efforts , but her efforts making some change and helping u. mere having belief won't work, because the beliefs would be set into question once u start feeling vulnerable, the vulnerability might have external cause, but it would evoke some profound questions on ur relationships. the hormones would die down someday , the beliefs would get over someday, and then if the other person is incapable or unwilling to help u out. u would be doomed to misery.

3) the importance of making connections , faltu partiyon mei jaana faltu ke bulla session mei jaana , time pas krna iss tareeke se , these are very important , WhatsApp groups mei active rehna and i m not doing this , and so i know how jo log merese kam yogya bhi hain na , woh bhi ye sab timepas krke apna active participation dikhate h , voh log bas dikh jaate h aur fir unmei jo thoda bahut talent hota h , voh unke kaam aa jaata h, whin koi insaan jiske pas acha khaasa talent hota h agar voh apne room mei hi baitha h na, toh ussey opportunities nhi milti , plus its not just about opportunities, tumhe apni surroundings ke baare mei pta chalta h, kis tareeke ke log exist krte h, log kya kya kr skte h, original piece ko  produce krne mei zrurat hoti h , thodi variety of knowledge ki aur voh randomly hi milti hai , Apoorva ke chaapu hone wali news, plus tumhe logo se kese baat krni chahiye ye bhi aata h , iske matlab ye nhi hota ki tumhe language aati h ya nhi , ya fir sirf confidence ki baat ho , par logo ki different age hoti h , different work areas hote h, different status hota h , humara unse different relation hota h , ese mei kissey kya baat krni h aur kis tareeke se baat krni h ye imp hota h, laheja, aap rudely maana kr skte h , jese mana krna bhi ek art h, aur saamne vale ke nature pe depend krta h ki aap unhe kese mana kr skte h aur voh maan jaayega, ya logo ko convince krne h ek art h, logo ke saamne joke krne se aap unhe impress kr skte h, kuch intellectual baatein krke kar skte h, toh logo ko impress krna ek art h, kya baat krne mei , kitni disgusting baat , kitni gruesome baat , kitni inhumane baatein , kr skte ho uss group mei ye art h, kisiko shyad aap kuch baatein nhi bta skte , nhi toh voh kahi aur poke denge , ab maan lo vo apse voh baatein nikalwa rha h, toh aap kese karenge behave, decent behave krna , ye sab imp h , agar aap aage jaake esi settings mei rehte h toh , 
but notice mai har chiz nhi seekh skta , aur har chiz ko mai utilize bhi nhi kr paunga , kyuki mai har chiz nhi krne vala aage jaake , toh kyu na hum voh kare , jo hum aage karne vale h. and also u get to know some insights of things that are considered and clustered among what, this world is social in nature and so the society clusters and classifies acts in different sections, and if an act is an act of cheating is to be decided by them , and this can be inferred thru such insights. 

4)what do we value higher harmabe or the idea of harambe? and what will he value higher? recognition and appreciation and contribution like this , or a living a life? what do i value hgiher?

5)think of a story of , let's say god gave a purpose , to find a red sparrow. or to fill a bucket , and now each one of us are trying to do it, and if someone dies early, they will not be able to contribute to it much.this way one learns value of life, but why should one value life.. if i give u a very great excahnge with that, will u do it? we can think of life as something given to us for free, and we haven't been told what to do with it. u can throw it away, u can keep it safe in bank , currently due to mortality issues, it will fade away after a considerable amount of time, its like an elixir , noone knows when it will extinguish, one can loose it through carelessness, or trade it with something like insurance or get upset with it, and throw it in vain , this elixir ensures ur stay at those positions, and after that u disappear somewhere, some people try to look for the person who gave them this elixir, some look around and explore, there's an amusement park in the town, and some gets into enjoy their lives, u meet people who look like u , who claim to having got elixir, but their elixir is not explicitly visible to u. so there's no way u can tell that they are also given to u just like the rest of the world, but wait, is the rest of the world given to u, are u different from the rest of the world? well the fact that i m not able to experience the rest of the world , and my experience is local to this body of me tell me, that 

6) Where is the self in Self-proclaimed Revolutions ?? my attempt to peace down the indo-pak rivalry and my politicizing , environmentalist activist agenda , I'm a menace to this society and I must die or be weakened!

7) how the rich becomes richer , and poor becomes poorer, but its not just money, but attitude. the air of confidence that the rich comes with, gets them a reassuring attitude, which is liked by women , so they usually gets women more easily, that calm and composure that is shown by them, is what makes them more attractive, their dressing , and then the nervousness of a poor broke bloke, he loses everything,not just women , but in life as well. the article not just explores this idea of confidence helping one, but how the quality and traits of rich get them more success. and while woh darne vale attitude se tum nahi jeet paoge , its not just sacha , mehnati wala attitude giving u success, confidence , self beleief, aur bhi bahut saare time wasting factors , jismei tum actively kaam nhi kar rhe ho apni manzil ko paane ke liye par still tum ek better candidate ban jaate ho apni manzil ko paane ke liye than that person jo constantly ussey paane ke liye mehnat kr rha h.
kitna galat tha mai yeh sochne mei ki mehnat hi sab kuch hoti h, kitna galat hu mai yeh sochne mei ki woh insaan jo mehnat krega ussey woh chiz mil hi jaayegi , kuch aur bhi chahiye hota h, woh h achi health, taaki tumhare systems exam ke time kaam kreein, confidence to be able to write an answer, ek positive attitude after tumhare do teen attempts kharab ho chuke h kisi question ko solve krne mei, yeh sab bhaut faltu ke factors lgte h , par true h
it was like mene kaha , voh bkl toh merese kam mehnat kr rha h, voh kese jeet rha h, kya kar rhe ho, aur uska jawab aaya (bilkul woh tamasha vale buddhe ki taarah) toh mene kab bola ki mehnat hi sab kuch h, tujhe kya lgta h tu sirf kaam krte rhega krte rhega aur sab haasil kr lega , kaaayar ! tujhe woh qualities laani hongi, jo tu shyad laa sakee khud mei, par esa nhi h ki tujhe koi chiz ko paane ke liye har saamay uske liye kaam krna h , 

mai kabhi aur baat krne aaunga , ek chiz smjho, jo mai tumhe 2nd sem se kehte aa rha hu, tum shyad pure time ye nhi kr skte, par thode time kr skte ho, aur acha krte ho, thode time krte ho toh, toh everyday apne aap ke saath bitaane ke liye bhi samay nikaalo, kyuki tu bahut acha sochta h, thk h thk h, chal bye! 

8) humans are not so good with reasons, tum unhe reasons se convince kr sakte ho par kaam krne ke liye motivate nhin h, yeh sirf kahaniyan hi kr sakti h, jese jaini ne associate kiya h daksh se naa baat krna is equivalent to 2 se zyada chai na peena , mtlb din mei do baar chehra dekhna allowed h sukoon ke liye par teesra baar nhi , bcoz i don't want him controlling my life. perfect mixture of control , agar ek dum hi hata diya toh that would be being hard on urself aur thodi si zyada krne lag gya toh i ll let things slip out of my hand. how stories help us have better control than reasons. psychology can perhaps prove something like that.

9) how fests have slowly evolved to be not fakely enjoy , but getting back with people , making even stronger bonds with them,coz that's what will help u in future and that's what makes u truly happy from inside. and for this reason , its easy to get happiness, bcoz u don't really need concerts and bade bade singers for that, u nedd just one good friend for that , and that u can find in ur not so lavish neighvourhodd. iss liye bolte h khushi is not a matter of money.

10) which one is real happiness, cleaning the mess and shit out of ur head, jese uss rone wale session mei huyi thi , ya jese kal aur aaj huyi h, ya fir intiating a fake respnosive dance in a dj concert to help u cope up with things and enjoy or drinking wine and dancing with friends , knowing u can't do much about ur situation and instead of addressing or acknowling the issues, u choose to ignore them and intiate a fake dance and then getting into that flow, which happiness is real?

11) I have realized ki logo se baat krke , as u interact with the rest of the world , especially when  people , there's a huge chance tum apne aap ko kho doge , the qualities that u possess rn woh kafi hadd tak change ho skti h , tum dusro ki nyii qualities utha doge aur tumhari purani shyad kahin khoo si jayengi , isko prevent krna ka ek tareeka h toh wohi hota h self love , self pride , that u like some qualities of urself ,and prasie urself for having them. its important that u cherish some qualties of urs , o/w its highly likely u would loose them and this is another instance where consciousness helps , it helps u recognise facts about urlsef and a life not introspected is not worth living, bcoz there may be some qualties u embrace but highly likely due to being in a surrounding , u let ur surroundings mold u , bcoz that feature is not something rewarded in ur immediate neighbourhood , u might loose it, and this is where it helpds.

12) a lot of things depend on heuristics , i believe , if u feel , u are not able to get along with this friend group ,most probably that is going to be true, and this is how u have to take decisions a lot of time , when u don't have full knowledge of the subject and u are not able to have a try , a major part of my college life has been like this, that finally i haven't been able to get along with a group , drams tha choot gya , kyuki most part i felt mai nhi kr paunga continue, but i wanted a full proof of why i shouldn't continue the club , and even if sometimes i got it, i wasn't able to convince myself to take an action until a friend who takes decisions heuristically, intuiitvely (yashasvi) took charge, hadn't been for him shayad mai yeh kr bhi nhin paata, plus look at debsoc , i knew i won't be able to sustain with them ,still i gave it a try, but nhin hua , shyad listening to my gut feeling agar mene kuch decisions jaldi liye hote life mei toh i would have made more progress by now, shyad mai ek better club mei hota by now, jismei mujhe interest aata, jismei shyad mai coordie hota aur jiske group ke saath hangout krna shyad mujhe sach mei psnd hota hai unlike debsoc aur drams. mujhe shyad thoda early judge krke jaldi decisions lena seekhna hoga , i get confused a lot , and i crave for a full proof solution which in most cases doesn't exist, shrasti ke saath bhi mera shyad esa hi hai, mujhe gut feeling aa rhi h ki things won't work out well b/w us even if kuch hogya toh , wese kuch ho bhi nhi rha, so i should perhaps opt out, kyuki o/w things escalate quickly and eventually i end up loosing a lot , yaha pe bhi esa hi hojayega aur ye toh kafi khrb hi hoga hum dono ke liye hi. i am doing fine , i should perhaps look somewhere else and find mere type ke log, sure tumhe dusre type ke logo ke saath seekhne zarur milta h, aur kuch naya pta chal skta h, par unke saath tumhe mazaa nhi aayega. and at the end tumhe ek acha peer group bhi toh chahiyee, sirf seekhte thodi rehna hai , ache bonds bhi toh banane h aur to be honest , sirf qualities like honesty, helping nature sincerety etc. hi matter nhi krti , sabse zyada jo chiz matter krti h ig is vibes , voh kitni match hoti hai, that means thinking level kesa h, ideas kese h, jese mai aur shreyas dono hi esi chize logo mei observe kr lete h, interests kitne match krte h, tum saath mei kitna khush reh paa rhe ho , bakchodi ke bhi topics hote h, ab cool games ki koi baat krega, k pop, ya fir english gaano ki baat krega , football , ya fir video games , toh meri vibe match nhin hogi, shyad mai unke karn ek nayi domain explore krne chale jau, but until and unless esa nhi hota h, sitcomes dekhne chale jau, anime fan bann jau, until and unless esa nhi hota , i will not be able to ghul mil in the group, and kyuki busy schedule aur opportunities ke karn ,(ab mai voh elite video games kaha se lau ya fir time kaha se lau webseries watch krne ka) ye nhi hota , mera uss group mei rehne ka koi matlab nhi hai , aur shyad mujhe vaha time waste krna bhi nhi chhaiye , debsoc ke saath ye bahut hota h , language like sus, aur jo bhi ye log chats mei use krte h, mujhe nhi aati ,aur iss liye main nhi kr skta, aur ab mujhe nervousness hoti h, even to tyoe in chats, how would i be able to be in such a group. toh mera experience toh ye rha h ki i have slightly wasted my time on groups like these, ajr ofc shrasti ko fantasize krne mei bhi , 2 saal and i still don't know a group jiske saath mai hangout krunga during fests and all. but atleast i have recognised, the need to rely on ur heuristics and make decisions. 
like the discussions that happen during the hangout sessions , the games that they play , the type of places they hangout , all these things influence a lot about whether u would like that group or not. 

13) mere liye i am a slow learner , im not quick at solving things, but i do observe and can notice and write. 

14) learning approach in mth , a better way to score is , u should better know about concepts , perhaps more than what is given in the slides, rather than just mugging up the part and writing whatever is mugged up , coz its like the same things are not asked , so u have to use ur brain to slightly change the variables and modify them to solve the problem and for that u should better know abt the variables in depth , what they are and what is their use , in order to manipulate them , this is one reason why a lot of people can't do maths, bcoz i belive they don't study with this technique. technique holds much more importance for me than studying hard or having talent or wiseness to study. in philosophy , i should better know about them in depth. so understand and after getting something, write it in ur own words, and after sometime go through it. while understanding make use of feynmann technique of teaching using pen and paper only , i m not someone who can do it in mind, and even if i do , i don't know the concept correctly then. plus for mth courses , go thru questions more expecially pyqs, or same quizzes , chances of repition of questions. 

15) to make good friends , u would want people to know u, and anyways i would want people to know me, and do these pranks with me, and i want to get discused in the girls hostels as well. and getted to know , one way is to be active in these whatsapp groups, jese men abhi yeh course ka info share kiya and people talked about this, so mai bhi mention hua honga baaton mei, so people in the group , in the branch know me. so this is something i should be doing , sharing info aur meme dumping or involvement in the whatsapp group chats would make me known to people , apart from this active discussions in the class, after the class, hanging out after the class, or after the exams discussions, would help me gain friends or people would come to know me. 
this is how people get to knwo abt my exitence and some might gett attracted to me. this is how i come to know shrasti , and a lot of people would have come to know her, and if she'd dressed well. so many people would have got attracted to her. and if i do this , i might have some chance, again things become probably unfun or artificial people would call it, when u become cognizant of ur actions and od them with a goal in mind, helpful actions are said to be selfish when done in this way, but to be honest there's nothing i can do about the fact that i m quite self aware and i recognise some faults in my approach and the fact that i want some things like getting to be known by people and getting ggo dfriends things that other people want and the fact that i know how to rectify this , perhaps makes this task artificial but surely nothing i can do about this. 

16)clearly notice kro , even by this hansika wala example how girls don't like those boys who give attention to them or  care for them , farak hi nhi pdta unka , koi bhav nhi deti unko , but iska ye matlab nhi ki tum unmei interest hi nhi dikhao aur baat hi na karo , mere type karo , don't show them romantic interest , mazee mei raho , bakchodi kro unke saath , don't expect anything from them , bas pure bakchodi karo , aur apni life jiyo , teko shrasti ke saath bhi yahi krna h, do outcomes , either she will like u or u 'd be able to perhaps live a normal life in front of life, shyad tere andar voh romantic feelings uske liye khtm ho jayengi , both a win win situation , plus tum dono ache dost ban jayoge. toh jitna ho sakee , naaraz rehna band krde, naaraz khud se pareshaan sympathy seek krne vale ladko aaj tak kuch nhi mila hai , aur naa kuch milega, koi matlab nhi h naaraz rehne ka , mast reh khush reh bakchodi kr sabke saath aur uske saath bhi. ek friemd ki tarah reh aur sach mei ek bakchodi sa friend hi maan usko, ha shyad voh hansika jitni bakchodi na kare tere saath , par utni hi bakchodi kr jitni tu kisi uar ke saath krta jo uske jesa response krti hai , over mat krdena, and start looking elsewhere. that's it. 
