knowing myself 
my problems 
changes:-
1)i should not be eating anything this healthy such as the jinni dosaa that i had, i won't from now coz:-
a) that doesn't suit my pocket , i would want to save for the lesser privileged ones and hence should not spend on these things which are just waste.
b) it long term impacts my health , considering my gall bladder has to be taken out, i won't have these.
c)considering short term health , these dosaa cause a  hormonal imbalance in me , which doesn't allow me to focus on my work , which is bad , plus it also is related to indigestion of mine. coz i certainly don't want this uneasy feeling that i m having rn , and trust me , when i have eaten healthy and i feel healthy , my mind has better control and i have better control over my mind , so i m not easily distracted by my thoughts , and i conquer them better , which helps me work proefficiently. i ll talk to u later ;)
so basically i would just try to reduce such eatings , and either i would look at healthier options , which won't cause 3 most specifically and 2 as well , or either i will eat these things only when i m too much craved for, ig allowing for once in a week for this month , we will adjust this no. accordingly and mindfully in the near future.

2)(very very important)  shaant  mann rakhna seekh , refer to positives(1) , i have seen u , how u perform , once u r confident and have shaant antarmann , u r fabulous , and the guy u want to be , u surely become one , so very imp to have shaant antarmann 

3) belief and health together makes you do wonders. i'm seriously telling you , whatever you wanna do , just tell yourself multiple times , that i m gonna do this , i m gonna do this ,.. and you will surely do that , like getting grades in 3rd sem , like today waking up , like that iitd trip , like that debate amidst 600 log , all u said to urself is , no matter what , i m gonna be extroverted , i m gonna dominate the debate , i m gonna wake up at time tomorrow , i m gonna have an A and atleast a B in these courses , and that's exactly what you did, so just tell yourself that in this winter , i m gonna do dsa and prof project, these are the two things i want to sign in to , and yes i'm gonna do it.

4) "Women are more interested in the guys , not fighting for their attention , so its not like you don't talk to them or ignore them, speak to them just as you would to a normal friend of yours , be cool , make little jokes , but never be too clingy into her , show some moments of chivalry , humour , and that's it, go onto live your own life , boi , be a nice easy to approach person for them as well, like have a smiling vibe around you , one that i feel around daksh , Brinda , those people speak with a smile on their face , and it always feels nice to talk to them , so always carry a smile :-
1. don't be attention seeky , writing long messages , wanting them to want you
2. greet people with a nice smile and have that attitude 
3. have humour
4. show chivalry
5. be a nice easy to approach person , convert those awkward moments, into nicest moments
6. be outspoken , don't ignore.

5)learn to care abt ur things : one thing , i noticed here, was that yes your clothes looked better , and that's what Himesh and Arnav said , that u wear nice clothes , but it's just that ur clothes look battered , and now the same clothes looked better , bcoz my mom washed them, so basically , i feel u have the right clothes , the right specs , learn to care about ur things, atleast now that u have noticed about ur clothes , and in 3rd sem we learnt about taking care of ur notes , u would wanna make them in one copy only, make sure to sort ur photo notes in order , aur copy gumm mat krna , and plz don't ruin ur clothes, like keeping them here and there , that is not permissible.  

positives :-
1)i should be affirmed by now , as my that teacher of mine said and that lawyer as well , that i have capabilities , ki tu kuch bhi kar skta h , and that i have risen myself into an iit , and by my past experiences , that hadbadaahat mere liye sahi nhi , iss liye i affirm u one thing , shaant mann rakhna seekh jaa , aur tujhe sab kuch milega jo tu chahta tha , kyuki trust me u have the potential , u have everything , aand u can do everything , its just that shaant mann rakh and trust the process u are following.

likes :-
1) i like to teach , remember the moment and joy u got , u literally jumped out of joy once u got out of his office , it felt like real thing , so yes teaching or to say discussing with profs is surely one thing that i love.

2) i love to learn about things , and boy i might not be sure of a lot of things , but i m sure of this one thing that i would never want to be out of practicing learning , i would want to learn each day of my life.

3) maths pasand h mujhe

4) philosophy pasand h

5) psychology pasand h 

6) as a dumb entertainment , cricket pasand hai  

Rather than looking outside , inside dekh , dekh ki tujhe sachmei kya pasand h , kyuki antt mei rehna toh khudke saath hi hai. tujhe pasand h bhai maths pasand tujhe analysis psnd h , ache proofs dekh ke mazaa aata h , philosophy pasnad h , 
aakhir mei sabko ek kahani hi btani hoti h apne aap ko aur uss kahani ke hisaab se act krna hota hai , jo log ye kahani jaldi bta dete hain , unhe log sorted kehte h, ye kahani ka truth value nhin pta , ye kbhi nhi hota h ki kya karna chahiyee mujhe, mujhe kya mann h at the end sab isspe fall karega , chahe mai activist hi kyu na banu , it would be my choice ki mujhe bhaut bura lagta h logo ke saath bura hote dekh, toh mai help krna chahta hu , in that sense.
jald se jald khudki kahani tayyar kro , its the best representation that u have of urself , might not be u , par abhi ke liye toh mujhe yahi pta h. aur uss kahani mei voh saari cheezein bhar jo tujhe permanently daalni hai , ek din daali agle din hataai , would be disrespecting the kahani , and it would loose its value. 

kahani ke side characters :-
1) meri didi Ruhi sawlani
2) mera best friend ayush deep
3) meri mummy komal 

ye teen pakke characters hai aur mere favorite characters h, aagey ke characters dheere dheere unlock honge. jo upar likes hai unhe padh ke acha lgrha h , mene bhaut samay pehle likhee the , par woh aaj bhi sach hain. 
